---
layout: post
title: "CS601-1"
date: 2018-10-03 
description: "Final Review"
tag: CS601
--- 

# Principle of Software Developemt Final Review

A partial list of topics covered on the exam is as follows:

- Software Development and Testing
  * Describe different software testing strategies.
  * Choose appropriate testing strategies for a given application.
  * Design and implement unit, integration, and system tests.
- Computer Networking
  * Layers of the network stack.
  * Transport layer functionality.
  * Networking layer functionality.
- Web Architecture
  * URLs
  * Describe dynamic versus static web page generation.
  * Describe the general architecture for a monolithic web application.
  * Describe the client/server model.
- HTTP and Sessions
  * HTTP Protocol 
  * Describe what cookies are and how they are used.
  * Describe how cookies can be used to implement HTTP sessions.
- Web Services
  * Web service vs. "human web"
  * RESTful architecture
  * Design a web service API.
- Microservices
  * Define service oriented architecture (SOA)
  * Describe the advantages of a SOA
  * Design a SOA for an application
- SQL/Relational Databases
  * Design simple database tables.
  * Write basic SQL queries, including selects, inserts, and joins.
  * Describe the result of somewhat complex SQL queries.
  * Implement a program that uses JDBC to communicate with a relational database.
- Authentication
  * Password hashing - why?
  * Password salting - why?
- Transactions
  * Serial equivalence
  * Describe serially equivalent interleavings of given transactions
  * Strict two-phase locking
  * Two-phase commit
- Project 2 design and implementation
- Project 3 design and implementation
- Project 4 design  
  * It is advised that you make some progress on Project 4 prior to the exam!
- Side Project design
  * It is advised that you make some progress on the side project prior to the exam!
- Anything else posted on the class website ;)
